this is already shaping up to be a very
different year for president Trump he
now faces real oversight from Congress
for the first time now that Democrats
have control of the house up until now
the only oversight the president had to
deal with when Mike Pence would forget
to pick his dry cleaning up so but this
is this is the year we make America
great again again and Humpty Trumpy is
very focused on his wall this is day 17
of the government shutdown nearly
800,000 federal employees are working
without pay and that is Donald Trump
doing what Donald Trump does best not
paying the people who work for him that
is where he shines
he's threatening now to the corner is
gonna declare a national emergency to
fund this wall which is that something
he needs to declare every day of this
presidency is a national emergency this
is the third longest shutdown ever the
first for no reason but the president
the president doesn't like it call it a
shutdown he says he prefers the word
strike which is it's the first ever
involuntary strike in history of
American labor this is basically the
same thing he does with Donald juniors
allowance it makes no sense it's
unfortunate that these people these
workers will have nothing to do with
this ridiculous wall aren't getting
paychecks especially right after the
holidays so I wanted to do our part to
pitch in and tonight and every night
until the shutdown is over we're gonna
put a federal employee to work here at
the show and we were gonna be
[Applause]
[Music]
the office telenet John what do you do
what is your job I'm a federal law
enforcement officer I work at the prison
in Victorville you are a guard at the
prison
yes sir I'm also the local union
president there so no one's watching the
prison now actually we still have a
thousand other law enforcement all you
do back there all right that's good yeah
because that might even be a bigger
problem than this whole wall thing yes
sir it could be you you object to being
used as a pawn in this like fight over a
wall absolutely you do okay will you get
paid eventually like will they pay yeah
at the end of this for the work that
you've done we hope so you hope so okay
well do you play an instrument a musical
instrument of any kind no I don't you do
not okay do we have a tambourine though
right okay you can play the tambourine
right sure all right
[Applause]
and have fun with it really go wild the
guys like it that's called solving
problems folks if you liked that video
click the subscribe button but only if
you're ready for commitment